# Babylon 5 v0.3.1 faction test worlds on the RPG route map.

planet "Earth Alliance Headquarters"
	"display name" "Earth"
	government "Earth Alliance"
	spaceport "Earth is the political and cultural heart of the Earth Alliance, crowded with humanity's history and the institutions that bind its colonies together."
	shipyard "Earth Alliance Shipyard"
	outfitter "Earth Alliance Outfitter"
	description "Humanity's birthplace and the center of the Earth Alliance. Earth remains a symbol of survival, unity, argument, ambition, and renewal: a world scarred by history but still looking outward toward the stars."

planet "Minbar"
	government "Minbari Federation"
	spaceport "Minbar is the spiritual and cultural center of the Minbari Federation, where tradition, caste, and ancient institutions shape everyday life."
	shipyard "Minbari Federation Shipyard"
	outfitter "Minbari Federation Outfitter"
	description "A serene and ancient world at the heart of Minbari civilization. Minbar reflects a culture built around balance, discipline, spiritual purpose, and a deep sense that every life belongs to a greater pattern."

planet "Narn Homeworld"
	"display name" "Narn"
	government "Narn Regime"
	spaceport "Narn is a hard world whose cities and people still carry the memory of occupation, resistance, and the long struggle for independence."
	shipyard "Narn Regime Shipyard"
	outfitter "Narn Regime Outfitter"
	description "The homeworld of the Narn Regime. Its people are proud, resilient, and fiercely independent, shaped by generations of hardship and by the conviction that Narn must never again live under another power's rule."

planet "Centauri Prime"
	government "Centauri Republic"
	spaceport "Centauri Prime is the glittering seat of the Republic, a world of palaces, ministries, old families, commerce, ceremony, and political intrigue."
	shipyard "Centauri Republic Shipyard"
	outfitter "Centauri Republic Outfitter"
	description "One of the great old centers of civilization among the younger races. Centauri Prime blends immense wealth, elaborate tradition, artistic refinement, ambition, nostalgia, and the political weight of a once-vast empire."

planet "Vorlon Homeworld"
	to land
		never
	government "Vorlon Empire"
	spaceport "Little about this world is meant for younger races. Its presence is felt more as an ancient warning than as a destination."
	shipyard "Vorlon Shipyard"
	outfitter "Vorlon Outfitter"
	description "The hidden homeworld of the Vorlons lies far beyond the familiar borders of younger civilizations. Ancient, enigmatic, and almost impossibly remote, it offers few answers and raises far more questions about those who shaped the galaxy before the current age."

planet "Z'ha'dum"
	to land
		never
	government "Shadows"
	spaceport "Z'ha'dum is a name spoken more often in warning than in invitation."
	shipyard "Shadow Shipyard"
	outfitter "Shadow Outfitter"
	description "An ancient world associated with the Shadows and with powers older than the civilizations now contesting the galaxy. Few who seek it do so without consequence, and fewer still understand what waits there."

system "Sol"
	pos 4848 4721
	object "Earth Alliance Headquarters"
		sprite "planet/b5_earth"
		distance 700
		period 365

system "Minbar"
	pos 5171 4755
	object "Minbar"
		sprite "planet/b5_minbar"
		distance 700
		period 360

system "Narn"
	pos 5306 4868
	object "Narn Homeworld"
		sprite "planet/b5_narn"
		distance 700
		period 350

system "Centauri Prime"
	pos 5022 4838
	object "Centauri Prime"
		sprite "planet/b5_centauri_prime"
		distance 700
		period 370

system "Vorlon Homeworld"
	hidden
	pos 5350 5360
	object "Vorlon Homeworld"
		sprite "planet/b5_vorlon_homeworld"
		distance 700
		period 500

system "Z'ha'dum"
	hidden
	pos 4550 5290
	object "Z'ha'dum"
		sprite "planet/babylon5"
		distance 700
		period 600
